After the class on Friday evening which was taught by Mr. Wang, I really understand what is the meaning of "big ingenious heart" and how should we do to have those heart.
  I still remembered when the magnificent lights were just lighting up on that day, the westerly wind cut my face so painful. Ignoring the lights, ignoring the long bridge, ignoring the shining stars, keeping thinking about the last night class, I just quickened my pace mechanically.
  The thundering bell didn't shake our students' joyful noise. All of us just thinking that the last class will be so relaxed as before, will not it? We should not be so cared about it. "OK,everybody. Let's look at the topic of today's class: 'The Yellow River and Huang Wanli'. " Before our teacher Mr. Wang finished speaking, the laughter in the messy room grew louder. And Some person even shouted "Everyone of us have known The Yellow River is long. Can we finish our class now? "
  "Don't jump to conclusions. Listen to me tell you some stories."Mr. Wang still maintained a consistent upward mouth, and the eyes behind the thick black-frame glasses had already squinted into a slit. He always looks such amiable.
  Then Mr. Wang told us the basic conditions along the Yellow River which were either the general knowledge that we have all known or the professional puzzles that we can't understand. Yes, just like before, he talked on the platform joyfully, but we 
just turned a deaf ear to him.
  "OK. Since the Yellow River can't attract you, let's look about Huang Wanli." Mr.Wang tolk filled of expectation, but none of us were listen to him carefully. "First of all, this is a person not a another name of the Yellow River. " The uncontrollable laughter broke out again. We just thought whose name was so interesting? Before we becoming quiet, Mr. Wang added"he was a famous professor of the Tsinghua university " The classroom became bit quieter but still like the west wind outside the windows. "He was the first Chinese doctor of hydraulic engineering." We can't help to be stunned, and the sight left from the phone screen to the picture projected on the blackboard. Emmmm, sure enough the man had some temperament like a master in the republic of China.
  "Is there anyone of you can even recite every embranchments' hydrologic regime of the Yangtze River and the Yellow River backwards fluently?"
  "Is there anyone of you can still stick to the truth when maybe you need to against the world?"
  "Is there anyone of you can still stay true to the original self after blending in the sorciety for several decades?"
  The classroom which can hold two hundred people suddenly became as silent as the grave. We scrupulously put the phone into the pocket and then make ourselves' back straightly, looking at Mr. Wang whose face still looks amiable but also serious.
  "Wang Wanli, the third kid of the famous revolutionary Huang Yanpei in modern 
Ye       3
times. After getting the doctor's degree, he came back to construct our country......When building the Sanmenxia Dam in 1955, facing people's crazy revolutionary enthus
iasm, only he stuck to the truth as a professor and argue with many other professors.... Although he tried his best, still can't stop the project. Not unexpectedly, after the dam finishing, many serious problems and dangerous came out....He was branded rightist for at least 20 years...Facing the Three Gorges Project, he chose to follow his professional knowledge again...In 1998,when the catastrophic flood broke out, without thinking about his advanced age he stood on the platform finished his last lesson teaching the new generation productor his ideal and faith...When he died in 2001, his posthumous papers didn't about family and property, but enjoined his student and his idea about regulating Yellow River for which he had used his half life."
  Mr.Wang's voice resounded in the classroom. One second, two seconds, three seconds, only his voice resounded in the classroom. I looked around finding that all of us are staring at the picture of Mr. Huang with the great reverence. As the old saying goes "The virtue of the gentleman is long as river high as mountain."
  "Classmates, why we need to learn the life of Mr. Huang; Why we have made Sanmenxia Bam a mistake; Why there are so many poisonous vaccines, jerry-built projects and games like Honor of Kings. Maybe in today's China, what we need most is not the technology and fund, just the reverse, we need conscientiousness. A heart care about everyone; A heart stick to truth and morality; A big ingenious heart has responsibility and technology! "
  Mr.Wang stopped his voice and looked at the most earnest but also quietest us, becoming more joyful and slowly saying "The last but not least thing, don't be so quiet.  'Have seeing the gentleman why shouldn't us be happy?'  You need to stay in happy mood so you can create more projects for our country! "
  After class, I stood on the long bridge again. the west wind was still clod, but I didn't feel, looking at the distance. The lights were so beautiful which were stayed in a line and the stars are so quiet. Maybe my heart is quiet now wanting to subside as a big ingenious heart or maybe my heart is excited now, want to try my best to get a big ingenious.
   
  
