Do you know what things make the family dinnertime less and less?
When you heard the word ¡°family¡± what scene will you first remind? Maybe you will imagine that: In a peaceful night the moon is in the central of the sky, parents are sitting together with their children around a big dinner table; The humorous father is almost use every parts of his body to tell a funny story to others; The children are so joyful that the juice in their mouth are almost spurted out; Just looking at his husband and kids, the mother¡¯s eyes are full of love and tenderness; All of them are talking, laughing and eating. It seems that they have forgotten the other world. However, in fact, this scene is on the decrease in these days. Do you know what things make the family dinnertime less and less? In my opinion, there are a series of reasons as follows.
First of all, there are many kinds of gaps that obstruct us eating a dinner with our family numbers. What we can usually think about is the generation gap. Yeah, just like the Three rules of Douglas Adams said ¡°One. Anything that is in the world when you are born is normal and ordinary and is just a natural part of the world; Tow. Anything that is in invented between when you are fifteen and thirty-five is new and exciting and revolutionary and you can probably get a career in it. Three. Anything is invented after you are thirty-five is against the natural order of things.¡± Because of our age difference, our parents¡¯ thoughts are different from us, love are much different from us, and their experiences are totally different from us. Sometime our parents may think my baby is too young and innocent, and I must teach him/her how to do this. However, we 
Ye 2
just think: my parents are so fusty that I will do it by myself! when we eat a family dinner together, we stick to our own thoughts and want to change others, so then we begin to be angry and argue with each other. The dinner time just become a quarrel time. Much worse, the more the children will hate eating with parents, the less dinner time will become. How can we solve this problem? Actually, from the satire of Douglas Adams, we can learn that, in many times, we just stay at our own angle when we face to a thing and almost don¡¯t care about others¡¯ feelings. So, we need to study communicating in our family numbers¡¯ ways. For example, on the one hand, parents should not think about change kids¡¯ minds but try to guide and advise them, on the other hand, youth should also not be impatient when your parents are speaking. What they say are their really life experience and why they say it just because they love you. Only in these ways, can our communication become more comfortable and the dinner time become more.
And another gap is the distance gap. As all of us know, because of many kinds of reasons, many families have to separate to different cities. Some families are in short of money, so the parents have to left home to make a live, and as the data from the nationwide investigation did by the ministries civil affairs, education and public security ¡°up to now, there are 9.02 million left-behind children under the age of 16. Other families may be separated because their youths must go to another city to join on university. Only surveying in the Institute of Water resources and Hydro power of Sichuan University Grade 2018, I find that there are only 102 students are the local 
Ye 3
people among the all 370 students. That means more than seventy percent students in that institute have to left their family. For these families, they live too far away with each other, so a simple family dinner also become a luxury which some families can even not realize it once a year. And the best ways to solve this distant gap problem, I think, is developing the society. If you can make a good living or get a perfect education nearby, do you still want to sperate with your family? 
Second, in these days the instant messaging tools become more and more popular having replaced the function of family dinner gradually. In the past, the family dinner time was important and fluently. That is because when people had a family dinner together, they didn¡¯t just eat, but the most important thing they doing was each other. And though the communication and laughing, they can have a time to share and help their love. But now, instant messaging tools make communications more convent Currently, one of the most popular nonmedical mobile apps is WhatsApp Messenger, which has been downloaded in 40 countries in Europe, Asia, the Middle East, and the Americas. After reaching 1 million users at the end of 2009, WhatsApp Messenger app downloads increased tenfold in 2010 (Bradshaw T. FT. WhatsApp users get the message URL: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/30fd99a2-0c60-11e1-88c6-00144feabdc0.html#  )[1] the apps like WhatsApp just like magic elves and build an invisible bridge between people whenever and wherever they are. As a result, people can conveniently every communication with their family numbers by using the instant messenger tools instantly. Although the communications though the instant messaging 
Ye 4
apps are not so live as that by face to face, it do can weaken the importance of family dinner. Because at least, people can share the little things by apps. Then after sharing most of the trivia, there will be no things to talk on family dinner in other word the family dinner will become more boring and silent. Gradually, people only hold the family dinner when they really need to tell some import things. 
The last but not least reason is that people are busier these days and lack time and energy to hold or join family dinner. As the development of modernization, the larger   the city become, the more clearly and different the division of labor, as a result, the modern people need to spend more time and energy to finish their own works. When they finally back to home, they are too exhausted to hold or join the family dinner. If people don¡¯t make dinner by themselves what can they do to get food conveniently? Take-out! In 2016, 63.3% users in China consumed take-out food more than three times each week, and the number of third-party subscribers exceeded 240 million at a growth rate of 25.3% (BDR Data Center. Research Report on third party catering takeaway market in China Internet. Retrieved October 21, 2017, from http://www.bigdataresearch.cn/content/201708/563.html.) [2] the crazy increasing can also reflect that more and more people give up to make a dinner. What they want most is laying on the sofa and relax themselves when you ask them for a family dinner, they will just smile and say ¡°impossible¡±. But we should also notice that take-out can¡¯t replace the family dinner totally, it can only release the time we spend to making dinner. If we still eating the take-out together and try to make the environment warmer and 
Ye 5
sweeter letting our tired loves comfortable, I think, it can be admitted as a successful family dinner.
Maybe from each side reasons of this phenomenon, we still have ideas to solve them, but it is a pity that the real society is complex. For example, in a family, the youths have to go to another city for his university study, and at meantime, he like to use the WeChat to get a touch with his parents, still, as the generation gap, he doesn¡¯t want to talk with his parents except when he lacks money. Every families have a complex condition, each of them is different and all of them finally combine into the phenomenon the family dinner time become less and less. And in my opinion, we can try to change the bad reasons like the generation gap, but other reasons are the embodiment of the modern technology and the development of the society and we just adapt them.

